So here is an service
that I'm sure you won't forget once I tell you about it.
It's called the AWS Ground Station.
So the idea is that this is fully managed service
that lets you control satellites communication,
process data, and scale your satellites operations.
So this is not for everyone,
but you have satellites running around the Earth,
a lot of them, and you may want to get access
to their data for whatever reason.
So Ground Station provides you a global network
of satellite ground stations near AWS regions.
So that it's easier for you to get data
from your satellites onto your AWS cloud.
So how does that work?
Well, thanks to the Ground Station service,
you're going to be allowed to download the satellite data
to your AWS VPC within seconds.
So the Ground Station runs within the cloud.
It's connected to satellites,
and then you download data from satellites
to Amazon S3 buckets, or your EC2 instance,
and from that, you can process it the way you want.
So this is something, believe me,
that was hard to do before the AWS Ground Station service,
but now, it is very easy to do.
The use cases for this,
if you have access to satellites of course,
is to do weather forecasting, surface imaging,
communications, or video broadcast.
I hope you liked this lecture,
and I will see you in the stars in the next lecture.